thus says the Lord go down to the house
of the king of Judah and there speak
this word and say hear the word of the
Lord
Oh king of Judah you who sit on the
throne of David you and your servants
and your people who enter these gates
thus says the Lord execute judgment and
righteousness and deliver the plundered
out of the hand of the oppressor do no
wrong and do no violence to the stranger
the fathers or the widow nor shed
innocent blood in this place for if you
indeed do this thing then shall enter
the gates of this house riding on horses
and in chariots accompanied by servants
and people Kings who sit on the throne
of David but if you will not hear these
words I swear by myself
says the Lord that this house shall
become a desolation for thus says the
Lord to the house of the king of Judah
you are Gilead to me the head of Lebanon
yet I surely will make you a wilderness
cities which are not inhabited I will
prepare destroyers against you every one
with his weapons they shall cut down
your choice Cedars and cast them into
the fire and many nations will pass by
the city and everyone will say to his
neighbor why has the Lord done so to
this great city and they will answer
because they have forsaken the Covenant
of the Lord their God and worshipped
other gods and serve them
weep not for the dead nor bemoan him
weep bitterly for him who goes away
where he shall return no more nor see
his native country for thus says the
Lord concerning Shalom the son of Josiah
king of Judah who reigned the instead of
Josiah his father who went from this
place he shall not return here any more
but he shall die in the place where they
have led him captive and shall see this
land no more woe to him who builds his
house by unrighteousness and his
chambers by injustice who uses his
neighbor's service without wages and
gives him nothing for his work who says
I will build myself a wide house with
spacious chambers and cut out windows
for it
paneling it with cedar and painting it
with Vermillion shall you reign because
you enclose yourself in cedar did not
your father eat and drink and do justice
and righteousness then it was well with
him he judged the cause of the poor and
needy then it was well was not this
knowing me says the Lord yet your eyes
and your heart are for nothing but your
covetousness for shedding innocent blood
and practicing oppression and violence
[Music]
therefore thus says the Lord concerning
Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of
Judah they shall not lament for him
saying alas my brother or alas my sister
they shall not lament for him saying
alas master or alas his glory he shall
be buried with the burial of a donkey
dragged and cast out beyond the gates of
Jerusalem go up to Lebanon and cry out
and lift up your voice in Bishan cry
from a barren for all your lovers are
destroyed I spoke to you in your
prosperity but you said I will not here
this has been your manner from your
youth that you did not obey my voice
the wind shall eat of all your rulers
and your lovers shall go into captivity
surely then you will be ashamed and
humiliated for all your wickedness o
inhabitant of Lebanon making your nests
in the Cedars how gracious will you be
when pangs come upon you like the pain
of a woman in labor as I live says the
Lord though Kanaya
the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah were
the signet on my right hand yet I would
pluck you off and I will give you into
the hand of those who seek your life and
into the hand of those whose face you
fear the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of
Babylon and the hand of the Chaldeans so
I will cast you out and your mother who
bore you into another country where you
were not born
and there you shall die but to the land
to which they desire to return there
they shall not return is this man Kanaya
a despised broken Idol a vessel in which
is no pleasure why are they cast out he
and his descendants and cast into a land
which they do not know o earth earth
earth hear the word of the Lord thus
says the Lord write this man down as
childless a man who shall not prosper in
his days for none of his descendants
shall prosper sitting on the throne of
David and ruling anymore in Judah
[Music]
you